good morning everyone this morning we're
gonna make a breakfast casserole to make
the breakfast casserole
you're gonna need six large baking
potatoes or in our case we're going to
use about a dozen smaller ones you need
a pound of vegetarian sausage we're
going to use links you can use patties
or let life ground sausage and I need
some butter to saute the onion and
potatoes a large onion or a few small
onions sliced salt free seasoning and
some black pepper a cup of extra sharp
cheddar cheese shredded a dozen eggs and
some garlic to taste so let's get
started next step would be to take your
twelve eggs and beat them up alright
next step would be to if you're using
frozen sausage to throw your sausage in
the microwave if you're using lengths
you want to chop them up in little
pieces if you using patties chopped them
up if you're using the lightlife ground
sausage you don't need to do this step
because it's already in pieces so we're
just gonna chop it up into little tiny
pieces just like so after your potatoes
have been cooked and allowed to cool
peel them and dice them up in akyüz
he had a large skillet over medium heat
add your butter
had your onions garlic your penis
Mousavi offender
about midway through you want to have
your seasonings some pepper
some new salt seasonings
they continue sauteing until they just
have become brown okay after we have our
potatoes and onions our Tabas browned
onions tender we put the casserole
together so we put our potatoes in our
baking dish the baking dish is a bit
non-stick cooking tray just kind of
spread them out as evenly as possible
once your potatoes are in there and
spread out evenly then you're gonna add
your sausage just spread it out evenly
over top of the potatoes next goes your
cheese and then last goes on top is the
eggs
don't you have it all put together
you're going to bake it in a 350 degree
oven for about 30 minutes or until the
eggs are fully cooked thanks for
watching we hope you enjoyed our video
if you did please subscribe and feel
free to leave a comment below bye bye